One-Hour Functional-Medicine Consult

Patients spend an average of approximately 15 minutes with their Primary Care Physician, according to the National Institute of Health. Next Health invites patients to experience the difference between true healthcare, rather than sick care, by partnering with one of our expert medical providers for a completely personalized and proactive approach. Confused by your biomarkers from another healthcare provider or lab? Next Health's team of Functional Medicine Doctors can review your results and deliver a personalized consultation.

Ready for Personalized and Data-Driven Healthcare?

Unlock the full potential of your bloodwork results, no matter where it came from.

Have you recently received your bloodwork results from an online or clinic-based service, but feel lost in the data? At Next Health, we bridge the gap between your lab results and actionable health insights. Unlike other services that stop at providing you with raw data, Next Health providers partner with you to understand the data and take meaningful action—because your health deserves more.

Get a comprehensive, 60-minute appointment with a Functional Medicine Expert today.

What is Functional Medicine?

Functional medicine providers at Next Health create personalized treatment plans, including supplement, lifestyle, and treatment recommendations to optimize your health so you can live with vitality. Differing from traditional healthcare, functional medicine is:

    Patient-Centered and Personalized: Tailored care based on individual genetics, lifestyle, and environmental factors.
    Focused on Root-Causes, Not Symptoms: Identifying and addressing the root causes of illness, rather than just treating symptoms. This includes diet, exercise, sleep, stress management, and more in personalized treatment plans.
    Prevention-Oriented: Hyper-focused on long-term wellness and disease prevention.
    Holistic Approach: Your bloodwork results are evaluated in harmony with your physical, emotional, and mental health for a truly holistic approach.
    A Partnership Between the Patient and Provider: Become the CEO of your own health, supported every step of the way by expert Next Health providers.
    Data-Driven through Bloodwork: Use of advanced diagnostic tools for a complete health assessment.
    Long-Term Health Benefits: Promotes sustainable health improvements, rather than quick fixes.

‍Why Choose Next Health?

    Quality: The Next Health Medical Team consists of experts in functional medicine and state-of-the-art treatments.
    Convenience: From initial biomarker testing through 60-minute one-on-one appointments to decode your data, Next Health can centralize your care start to finish.
        Already have bloodwork results to review from elsewhere? No need for additional testing; we can use the bloodwork you already have and get the insights you need.
    Personalized: We don’t just look at numbers; we look at you. Every consultation is customized to align with your specific health goals.

Is Functional Medicine Right for Me?

Functional medicine is a personalized, holistic approach to healthcare that focuses on identifying and treating the root causes of illness to promote long-term wellness. It’s well-suited to help with:

    Chronic Health Conditions: A root-cause approach to ongoing conditions like autoimmune disorders, digestive problems, or hormonal imbalances.
    Preventative Care: Ideal for prioritizing long-term wellness and disease prevention through personalized, proactive health strategies.
    Unresolved Symptoms: Consider functional medicine if traditional treatments haven’t fully addressed persistent symptoms.
    Holistic Health: Perfect for those seeking a comprehensive approach that includes lifestyle, nutrition, and environmental factors.
    Personalized Treatment: Functional medicine is beneficial if you prefer customized care based on your unique genetics, history, and environment.
    Patient Engagement: Perfect for those who want to be actively involved in their health journey and work closely with their provider.

What to Expect in your Functional Medicine Appointment:

    ‍Schedule Your Personalized Appointment: The Next Health Concierge Team will help schedule your up to 60-minute consultation with a certified functional medicine practitioner for a time that suits your busy schedule. If you’ve received bloodwork results from a third party, then we will ask that you share those with us to review! If you do not yet have bloodwork results, then we encourage you to explore biomarker testing options here, which come with one-on-one time with a Next Health provider.
    Meet with Your Provider from Anywhere: Most appointments are held via Zoom for your convenience. Patients are given ample time, a full hour, with their provider to engage in meaningful conversation about your health. Providers will present your unique biomarker data alongside their personalized recommendations to optimize your health for longevity and vitality.
    Take Action with Provider-Recommended Next Steps: Receive your personalized wellness plan with clear action items to optimize your health, longevity, and wellness

One-Hour Functional-Medicine Consult FAQ
