Therapeutic Plasma Exchange

Therapeutic Plasma Exchange (TPE) is currently our most advanced longevity treatment available. Remove plasma from your blood to eliminate inflammatory proteins, toxins, and cellular waste, then replace it with albumin to replenish essential nutrients. This cutting-edge procedure supports longevity, immune resilience, and overall cellular health by optimizing the body's internal environment. Before each TPE session, receive a complimentary Total Baseline Test (a $2K value) to measure the impact of the plasma exchange on your unique body, enabling personalized adjustments for optimal results. Available at most Next Health locations, inquire for details.

What is a Therapeutic Plasma Exchange?

‍

Therapeutic plasma exchange (TPE) is a cutting-edge medical service that refreshes the patient’s plasma (the liquid part of the blood) in order to remove particles that are known contributors to disease and accelerated aging.

Therapeutic Plasma Exchange at Next Health includes a Total Baseline Test before and after each session. This empowers you to monitor the impact of TPE on your health journey and maximize your results.
What are the Benefits of Plasma Exchange? 

After removal, beneficial components are added back into the body for a variety of potential results:

    Reduce inflammation to counteract aging
    Feel mentally sharp, enhance memory capability, and more
    Support heart health and circulation
    Aid detoxification and elimination of toxins
    Strengthen immunity to stay healthy and get sick less often
    Rejuvenate overall health

How Does Plasma Exchange Work? 

‍

Plasma is removed through an IV and centrifuge with the goal of extricating harmful substances such as proteins that cause plaque build-up, autoimmune conditions, arthritis, and even neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease. Critical components such as red blood cells and immune cells are separated from the plasma and returned to the body for healthy functioning. The plasma itself is replaced with a saline, vitamin-packed solution to nourish the body.

‍

The purpose of this replacement therapy is to replace substances that aren't working properly in your body with ones that are more effective.

‍

TPE is performed under the care of a licensed medical provider and monitored by healthcare professionals. The process will take about 2-4 hours, and can be done on an outpatient basis.

Why Would You Need a Therapeutic Plasma Exchange? 

‍

TPE has been used as part of treatment plans for Alzheimer’s disease, inflammatory conditions, chronic viral infections, kidney issues, and more by reducing the protein and harmful components in the body. Over time, these proteins have a compounding effect on the body that contributes to and worsen these conditions.

‍

Now, this service is available to those looking to take a proactive approach to their health as research shows TPE has promising benefits for those looking to live healthier and longer. By reducing and eliminating common contributors to disease with TPE, you are empowered to change the trajectory of your health for the better.

‍

Therefore, this service is a great option for anyone aiming to enhance their longevity lifestyle and feel their healthiest. It can especially benefit individuals with:

    Elevated lipoprotein (a) and other lipid levels
    High levels of inflammation
    Family history of neurodegenerative disorders like Dementia


What Services Should I Do with a Plasma Exchange? 

For those interested in TPE, our medical experts recommend maximizing the benefits of this service by adding Stem Cells or Exosomes to your treatment. Once harmful substances are removed from your blood with TPE, it is an excellent opportunity to potentially enhance your cellular communication with these rejuvenating services.


Therapeutic Plasma Exchange FAQ
Therapeutic Plasma Exchange White Paper